---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: 'Chelsea Apps Factory  App solution to manage the happiness factor for Enterprises '
datePublished: '2016-01-06T10:31:23.647Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-20T13:50:32.796Z'
title: '"Voices"'
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-15-voices.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: voices/index.html
_type: Article

---
* So what is "**Voices**" ?

CAF have developed a smart application that will enable and
address the key issues in developing and improving the happiness factor for
enterprises and organisation;

**Voices** is an easy and scalable application to install
which enables spontaneous in the moment employee feedback, which is open,
honest, and succinct. The mobile applications and feedback dashboard make these
insights easy to capture and even easier to breakdown and use. The Voices
application will engage and involve your colleagues and boost employee
satisfaction. It invites all staff to state their in depth opinion and sends a
clear message to them that it matters. 

Voices will enables your business to gather genuine unbiased
feedback from your employees, providing you with the success data you need to
make impactful change, and improving your employees' happiness for the better.

This permission to feedback and vent makes employees happier
and more empowered. It provides you with a playful and engaging user interface to
ensure its easy for employees to submit their feedback.

You can choose whether to collate your employees' feedback
and sentiment each week, or month and notifications will automatically remind
your employees to submit their feedback. Feedback takes an anonymous rating
from 1 to 10 and free-form comments.

You have the ability to optionally ask your employees for
additional data so that you can filter down feedback to groups of related
individuals and identify problem areas early.

You can create up to four customisable filter categories
using the simplified admin portal and choose as many options in each category
as you need to suit your business needs.

The management dashboard gives you instant, actionable insight
and effortless configuration and by using our graphs you can check the progress
of your initiatives over time and make informed decisions quickly.

You can gather insights by viewing the breakdown of the
comments and get the low-down on what people are saying and how they feel.
Filters also allow you to break down data by the categories that matter the
most to your business.

**To get more information and a free trial go to https://angeandgerrys.com/voices.html**